---
tags:
  - "#assessment"
  - incomplete
date: 2024-09-19
teacher: Ms. Preeti Tyagi
---
# FlameRender Studios - From Papers to Shaders
*2 Million Downloads Special Documentary*
## Introduction
Hi, my name is Frem, I go by the penname Eldeston. I am one of the founders of **FlameRender Studios.** This is the story of how FlameRender Studios came into being from papers and drawings to lights and shadows.
## A Tale of Two Brothers
FlameRender had a different name in the past - BlueFlame. It began around 2016 when idea was in paper. BlueFlame started as an idea that my brother Maudric (Mau), and I had for a game studio when we were around 13 years old. During that time, the form of "content" that we created weren't actual software that you can use on a computer - we made games with papers and cardboards instead. My brother and I are heavily inspired by Pokemon and we also had Pokemon TCG except they were mostly fake cards. Nevertheless, we remained in innocence and created, RPG like cardgames. Both of us were friven by imagination when it comes to making our own toys since my parents didn't have the financial ability to buy what we wanted. In the end, we were plenty satisfied with what we made and pretty much honed our ability for arts and crafts.

----------------------------------------------------------------
## The Third Brother
In 2017, BlueFlame (soon will be renamed to FlameRender) came into fruition in the digital world in Discord. During this time I also started my own project for Minecraft Bedrock, ESTN Shaders. This project wasn't significant as I was pretty new to coding that time and my only workspace was my little Android phone. My brother also started his own art projects but in Amino but that's a dark past of his that I will never talk about in this presentation. During the birth of the BlueFlame server, I was acquainted with a few online friends, one of them becoming my trustworthy friend. His name is Aiden and goes by the name UserNameGoesHere. We have similar interests with his main interests being playing games and making YouTube videos. He soon became one of the founders of BlueFlame in the honor of being a good friend of mine who stayed with me until the fruition of FlameRender Studios.
## A Parents' Gift
One year later on my birthday July 2018, my parents gifted me my first laptop. This laptop isn't new or unique, it was an ordinary business laptop. This business laptop was used for downloading and watching movies, and presentation slides for the Group Study for my Church, Crossroads. It was the first time I realized my full potential by entering the dev space and also realized how small the workspace I had working with my phone. I can never program the same way on my phone ever again. It was thanks to my parents they had given up their only convenient device for their needs for me to explore my dreams - and I can thank my parents for that. Without it, FlameRender Studios would stop dead in its tracks.
## Fueling the Fire
In 2018 after getting my first laptop and entered the real world of programming, I decided to set a new course for the server. Unfortunately, during a phone transfer, I lost access to the original Discord server because of 2fa access. While it is somewhat devastating, for me it meant new opportunities thus beginning the birth of the second server. It was during this time I decided to choose a more unique name from BlueFlame to FlameRender Studios to draw out the flaming passions i had since BlueFlame's beginning. It was also this time I began my real project Super Duper Vanilla for the next 6 years. Over the course of those 6 years, I accumulated all my experience as a programmer. I also collaborated with a few members of FlameRender Studios and also helped with promoting their content (namely UserNameGoesHere who now makes amazing YouTube videos). My brother also accumulated his experience as an artist on Instagram and makes song covers on YouTube. Super Duper Vanilla then became a huge success and indirectly promoting FlameRender Studios' growth.