# FlameRender Studios' Journey
## Introduction
Hi, my name is Frem, I go by the penname Eldeston. I am one of the founders of **FlameRender Studios.**
## Beginnings - A Tale of Two Brothers
FlameRender had a different name in the past - BlueFlame. It began around 2016 when idea was in paper form. BlueFlame started as an idea that my brother Maudric (Mau), and I had for a game studio when we were around 12 years old. During that time, the form of "content" that we created weren't actual software that you can use on a computer - we made games with papers and cardboards instead. My brother and I are heavily inspired by Pokemon and we also had Pokemon TCG except they were mostly fake cards. Nevertheless, we remained in innocence and created, RPG like cardgames. Both of us were very creative when it comes to making our own toys since my parents didn't have the financial ability to buy what we wanted. In the end, we were plenty satisfied with what we made and pretty much honed our ability for arts and crafts.

## The Third Brother
In 2017, BlueFlame (soon will be renamed to FlameRender) came into fruition in the digital world in Discord. During this time I also started my own project for Minecraft Bedrock, ESTN Shaders. This project wasn't significant as I was pretty new to coding that time and my only workspace was my little Android phone. My brother also started his own art projects but in Amino but that's a dark past of his that I will never talk about in this presentation. During the birth of the BlueFlame server, I was acquainted with a few online friends, one of them becoming my trustworthy friend. His name is Aiden and goes by the name UserNameGoesHere. We have similar interests with his main interests being playing games and making YouTube videos. He soon became one of the founders of BlueFlame in the honor of being a good friend of mine who stayed until the fruition of FlameRender Studios.

